# Multi-stakeholder Benefits
We are developing an open community to understand how organizations may align benefits to all of their stakeholders, including customers (e.g., users, clients, and consumers), investors (e.g., shareholders and creditors), employees (e.g., workers and managers), suppliers (e.g., vendors and contractors), and community/environment (e.g., local community, neighborhood, society, and the natural environments). See a [Standard Taxonomy](https://github.com/GoPeaks-AI/multi-stakeholder-benefits/blob/data/MSB%20Taxonomy%20(version%202020%2001%2025).xlsx) that defines whether an entity is a stakeholder benefit.

At this stage, we are focused on two initiatives:  
- a. We are engaging an open community of researchers and decision-makers interested in multi-stakeholder benefits. Join our [Slack channel](researchcommu-kg13534.slack.com)(If you do not have Slack app installed, please select 'Open slack using your browser').
- b. We are developing a cumulative evidence base of the statistical findings on relationships between stakeholder benefit measures and their empirical contexts. If you have studies that illustrate empirical evidence of the correlation effect sizes concerning stakeholder benefit measures, please share it to the community via [the MS form](https://forms.office.com/r/AGS6VMwhzN). The findings will be aggregated and meta-analyzed into a relatively unbiased evidence base. All the inputs and the meta-analysis results are continually updated [here](https://github.com/GoPeaks-AI/multi-stakeholder-benefits/blob/data/README.md), and made available to the community members.

We have made the raw correlation data available for the following publications:
- Chen, V. Z., Duran, P., Sauerwald, S., Hitt, M. A., & Van Essen, M. (2022). Multistakeholder agency: Stakeholder benefit alignment and national institutional contexts. **Journal of Management, In-Press**. ([Download  data here](https://github.com/GoPeaks-AI/multi-stakeholder-benefits/tree/main/Journal%20of%20Management%20(2021)%20Paper))
- Chen, V. Z., Meng, Z., Duran, P., Sauerwald, S. (2022). Multi-stakeholder benefits: A meta-analysis of different theories. **Business and Society, Accepted**. ([Download  data here](https://github.com/GoPeaks-AI/multi-stakeholder-benefits/tree/main/Business%20%26%20Society%20(2022)%20Paper))
